the people that gave me the best advice about my career. Um, isn't actually
just one specific person. It's a group of people. When I became
a chief, um, I went through the indoctrination process, which is,
ah, couple of month long tour that they send you through. They teach
you all the books that you're supposed to read. They make sure that
you have some kind of basic understanding about all the procedures
and the admin requirements that are that are that are necessary. But
throughout the whole entire process, um, in bits and pieces the Chiefs
would actually like give me a little piece of pieces of advice to
help me in my career. One person was really good at y and stuff, and
he showed me, um uh, kind of like like the path that he took and
some of the problems that he was going through. Another electrician's
kind of help me with some of the background information about, um,
about yeah, training myself and my crew on balking about the surge
Main unit like how could help them, you know, become better themselves.
There's so many, like, um, small pieces that I guess a group of
30 chiefs gave me during that indoctrination time that I really think,
you know, I consider as a whole. You know, the chiefs and Doc process
help me out a lot.